it finally has arrived my Tokyo ghoul
ray vol 1 has arrived
so I would open this bad boy up I really
gotta open this up because I got to see
exactly how it really is all I got to
see the cover through pictures and you
actually finally be able to hold the
real coffee in my hands it's making me
excited so oh yes oh yes they
do
tokyo ghoul Rayman vol 1 yes it's in
Japanese I ordered it off the Amazon
because I needed that Tokyo ghoul Rey I
really read and I needed that Tok equal
Rey
so I want to remove this pink slip thing
whatever it is and I'm just going to let
you all see the book right there look at
that that is badass side back got sauce
a key on the front let's see how many
chapters is this cover I want to see
where does this end at it ends at the
nutcrackers introduction The Nutcracker
Oh No
the final page if you haven't read tokyo
ghoul right I recommend you probably to
not watch this video I'm just gonna say
cuz I might spoil you but anyways look
at this silliness
oh don't be greatness oh yeah I get the
final page right there with toca oh and
even has a special chapter yeah that's a
special chapter with a oh well yeah juzo
has a special chapter with our Dima if
you look right there that's a special
chapter interesting like I don't know if
you can see there or not yeah it does
definitely right there I don't see that
on the internet anywhere actually I've
been able to actually read this
interesting interesting I did not know
about this little short story anyways
overall know this is you know Tokyo
ghoul Rey vol.1 really really loved this
series I had to buy Volume one because
you know I love Tokyo ghoul and I wanted
to support the series and I really don't
want to wait for the volumes to come out
and so I decided to buy you know part 2
vol 1 pretty much I do need to go buy
the other volumes like the beginning
even though they're gonna be in Japanese
I need to buy them I love Tokyo ghoul I
want to support the long bucha and so
yeah this is a little treat I got last
week just to you know get because yeah
Tokyo ghoul greatness so tell me your
thoughts in the comments below how'd you
feel about you know the volume cover of
Tokyo ghoul Rey how do you feel about
the way the design looks and actually I
want to take off the cover real quick
and show you what it looks like that's
how it looks like if you don't have this
uh this on it right here that's how it
looks I mean it has that on the side it
looks really badass it's all pink tough
guys love pink manga overall though
everybody I love y'all so much you have
a wonderful day or not wherever you live
please be safe CBI